Add demo apps guidance (#19)
inrupt/public-documentation: coding-conventions/javascript-coding-standards.md

  1. Generate minified and non-minified versions.
  2. Ensure that all generated versions export a mapping file.
15. When including logging, use [loglevel](https://www.npmjs.com/package/loglevel).

> 16. When including demo apps, use [express](https://expressjs.com/) and [ejs](https://ejs.co/) for their simplicity to help developers focus on the functionality covered.

Reviewer: I'm very likely missing something here, but I'm writing it down because other people might miss the same context:

what is the role of Express, given that within Solid, the server is typically a pod?

Author: It is for Applications that need a server side component. In case of the Access Grants demo applications, the backend needs to authenticate to the VC service to issue an Access Request, while on the frontend a user is redirected to an access management app where they issue an Access Grant.

I do agree that in most cases it will be the case and is preferable to have everything running in the browser via a static pure HTML+JavaScript application.

Author: ```suggestion
16. When including a demo app with a server component, use [express](https://expressjs.com/) and [ejs](https://ejs.co/) for their simplicity to help developers focus on the functionality covered.
```
